Mrogers uoms (#601)
osisoft/OCS-Docs: content/add-organize-data/organize-data/data-views/data-views.md

>    **Note**: Assets are available for use through specific licensing only. If you are interested in using Assets, contact your account team for more details. 

Reviewer: Our practice has been to document all features as if the end user is licensed for everything and not get into licensing issues within documentation. Confirm with Rainier that this is still the case. In which case, this note should be removed.

> 6. In the `Search` field of the `Query Value` section, type a portion of the name of any known stream or asset (preceded/followed by the * wildcard symbol). The query results populate and the `Index Configuration` pane displays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. In the **Search** field of the `Query Value` section, type a portion of the name of any known stream or asset (preceded/followed by the * wildcard symbol). The query results populate and the `Index Configuration` pane displays.
```

>    **Note**: If you have created a metadata rule in the same namespace, you can enter a selected metadata key instead of a stream name in the `Search` field to select a more specific set of streams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   **Note**: If you have created a metadata rule in the same namespace, you can enter a selected metadata key instead of a stream name in the **Search** field to select a more specific set of streams.
```

   
7. Select any stream in the query results to display the individual data fields of the stream in the `Data Item Details` pane.

>    **Note**: Click the **Add Query** button to create as many additional queries as you want.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   **Note**: Click the **Add Query** button to create additional queries.
```

8. Click **Save** to accept the query results as the basis of the new data view. The `Field filter` pane displays. 

> 9. The **Index field** and **Grouping fields** selections are set by default. In the **Identifying field** section of the `Field filter` pane, select each data field you want to use as an identifying field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. The **Index field** and **Grouping fields** selections are set by default. In the **Identifying field** section of the `Field filter` pane, select each data field to use as an identifying field.
```

> 10. In the `Generate Preview` pane, click the **Auto Refresh** toggle button to enable or disable auto refresh. With auto refresh enabled, changes to any of the streams included in the data view will be immediately reflected in the data view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. In the `Generate Preview` pane, click **Auto Refresh** to enable or disable auto refresh. With auto refresh enabled, changes to any of the streams included in the data view will be immediately reflected in the data view.
```

> 11. OPTIONAL: Click the **Generate preview** button to generate a preview of the data view with the selected settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. OPTIONAL: Click **Generate preview** to generate a preview of the data view with the selected settings.
```

> 12. Click the **Items per page** droplist to select the number of items to be displayed per page in the data view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12. In the **Items per page** list box, select the number of items to be displayed per page in the data view.
```

13. Click the date and time display to set the **Start Index** and **End Index** to specify the time period of the data to include in the data view.

> 14. Click the **Interpolated/Stored** droplist and select **Interpolated** or **Stored** for the data view. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
14. In the **Interpolated/Stored** list box, select **Interpolated** or **Stored** for the data view. 
```

> 15. Click the **View in API Console** button to display basic parameters of the data view in the API console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
15. Click **View in API Console** to display basic parameters of the data view in the API console.
```
